hello welcome to shop Talk looking at
that husqvarna 372 XPW very popular saw
for cutting in the Pacific Northwest
this one features a 24-inch sprocket
modes barn chain that's a new bar and
chain three eighths pitch put 0 5 0
gauge skip sequence on the chain skip
spacing between the teeth you can see we
have spacing between the left cutter and
a right cutter and that's a chisel
configuration on the tooth you can see
it's got the square corner and you
follow their round 7 30 seconds very
popular chain for cutting big wood looks
on the features that saw has kill switch
is on the left choke site here on the
right has the operator presidents lever
it won't throttle up unless you have
this hand lever down and throttle up
side load on the gas reservoir as well
as the oil reservoir up front let's wrap
handlebars working chain brake white
tone muffler to falling spikes always a
nice feature there the larger falling
spikes chain tensioner and loosen the
two bar nuts up right on the side is the
chain tensioner screw decompression
valve the blue button right here just
push it in every time you start this saw
it always pops out so always push it in
just a very nice chain saw